Hello dear ladies and gentlemen, to
God favors you and me John
Luther and mushroom bass still Kolinko and Pikachu
it generally there the subscriber asked questions
it will be like a short heading
questions short answers
Well, short probably will not work because
what was asked of all of us
who needs the first question there asked what
color of clothes
they just like what color but in
clothes in this I just now have questions
then listed what favorite hot
drink then what's your favorite cold
drink but they listed on tea
cocoa coffee
brew there may be here first first
questions ask a mushroom put you
colors now wait for some color
I like the color red and
red and such a light blue is not one
color already tell me at once everything is quiet on
what hot drink do you like
hot coffee so cold compote
before the cold compote is clear the makeup runs away
take it from you please i want now
this kalyaki ask you a question to Korea
colleagues and what color like pol'zuyu
pink shoes and you still like
purple like but u pink this
hot drink cold kvass in this
can you bring this umbrella from
party world tortured
the hall is old-fashioned this victory is not capable
will have to run away from probably very about
a small layer had to go into the porch
rain this but this is generally not weak
rain in general, I like the color green
then hot drink tea black
a cold drink might think
I had to remember that everything to me
did he like a cold drink
Well, I thought so sorted my drink here
usually cranberry but still more
all I like is a milkshake and
Now I'm just voiced
I had dinner and asked
once someone ask in a comment at the
my wife has them or not
agreed allowed permission gave
alone camilla sounds boy ran
Nick Nadia matsutake in general I have her too
asked what color like fuchsia
drink cold she said or
champagne or sparkling wine and hot
drink
what is she there in mind was one tea she
said cocoa tea and tea and you said
decide what all the same dante then
when
tea or whatever it is also so not
determined this video turned out
Well, they will write down and if it is interesting
Subscriber become now show what daughter
Thank you all for your attention .
good luck but there are still some snow
motorcycle don't know uranium video soon
total ural motorcycle can be the Dnieper and
neural likely